Toystore - 

Github link - https://github.com/ruchajoshi1/BNY01/tree/master/javaScriptSba 

This is a code for online toy store web site. 
User can do following things on the web site -
1. Browse the toy catalog which is separated by age group. See video reviews for the toys.
2. Register on the web site.
3. Login on the web site.  
4. Contact the store manager by submitting contact form.
5. Know information about employees at the store.

Technical specifications:
1. HTML - Used to create structure of the web site.
I used grid system, different HTML tags, tables
I have implemented forms.
Web site has dropped Down Menu.
Used regex validation for forms.

2. CSS - used for styling of the web site.
I used inline, internal, and external styling.
I used different CSS selectors.
I used Flexbox, SASS/SCSS. I have small animation on the web site using CSS.

3.JavaScript - used for form validation using regex. 
Used AJAX and XML to read XML file which has employee details for about us page.
Used jQuery for drop down menu in registration form and for hover on Home page.

Web site page details - 
1. Home page - has header - logo, title, navigation bar, drop down menu, table, 
   text, hover on the images using mouse event,small animation box, anchor, footer
2. Registration page - has header - logo, title, navigation bar, form, validation using javascript,
   drop down menu for gender using jquery,footer
3. login page - has header - logo, title, navigation bar, form, validation using regex,footer
   thank you message after submission, forgot password page link.
4. Toys catalog - this has 3 pages with age 0-3, age 4-6, age 7-10; each one has header - logo,
   title, navigation bar, used grid to display, added video links
5. About us page - has header - logo, title, navigation bar,this has button after clicking it 
   reads employee information and displays on the website, footer
6. Contact form page - has header - logo, title, navigation bar, form, validation,
   footer, thank you message after submission
   